Growing up i was the youngest child. It was myself and my older sister who was 6yrs older, we grew up back east and lived with our parents.
My dad was in the Navy so we didnt live anywhere very long, three years was the most we stayed anywhere then we would move to a different state. I remember 
having to start over at a new school, meet new friends and do it over again so it was just how i thought life was. When i was in 6 grade we moved to California which is where i live now and what my father told me when we moved i always remember, he said when we get to california they call the turn pike the freeway. 
Thats something different and my experience in california definately was different than life back east.
I was 10 years old my sister Gayle was 16yrs old. We moved to Orange County Ca. and we got a place in the city of Orange. My grandmother, my dads mom lived there and my dad wanted to be close to her. Well, my mother was from the Phillippines and she didnt have any family in the States other than my aunt Christy, her sister but she was in another state.
So once we got our place in Orange and i started elementary school, my life was not the way it was back east at all. Growing up back east was about being a kid who played outside, loved the monkey bars, climbing trees, at night catching fireflies {in california they dont have fireflies}. 
California on my first day of school i went with my sister and two of her friends, they were supposed to walk me to my school but they took me with them and they went behind some building to smoke weed before taking me to school. They offered me some and i 
wanted to be like them so i was willing to try it. I ended up having to be taken home after because i was too stoned and couldnt go to school.
It was the beginning of a whole different life than what i was used to. 
Being close to my grandmother, my dads mom was the beginning of my parents going away to Vegas almost every weekend and when they were gone my sister would have her friends come over and they would party. 
They liked drinking and smoking weed and i would join them so we did a lot of partying. Things were pretty wild, i remember they would go to 7eleven and find someone older to buy the alcohol for them. 
They gave them the money and usually they would get 40 ouncers of Colt45 or wine coolers. Then we would hang out at our house and everyone got pretty drunk..Usually cops were called for being loud and my parents werent strict so they would lecture and tell my sister not to do that again but they still left to Vegas and the partying continued.
My friends mom was aware of what was happening so it was hard for my friend to be allowed to stay over. We would write letters pretending to be our parents asking permission for her to sleep over and it worked
a few times but eventually her mom found out we were lying and she wouldnt let her stay over anymore. i didnt have any of my friends that could hang out at my house and id usually just be around my sister and her friends following what they were doing. 
My attendance at school was mostly not going and writing forged excuses..Partying pretty much became my regular thing and it was actually enjoyable. I got my first boyfriend at 12 years old and i felt like it was real love.He was a couple years older than me and he wasnt feeling the way i felt about him, he was just playing around while in my mind he was everyting that mattered to me.
So my life involved being in love with this boy and partying. Not a good choice and with this lifestyle my home life was becoming unstable quick from my parents always going to Vegas and losing theyre money. It cost us to lose our home and life was not feeling secure anymore. We would stay at hotel rooms for awhile but it wasnt guaranteed. there were times we were without a place to stay and it was embarrasing 
because i was in junior high school and i didnt want my friends to know i stayed at a hotel. The gambling didnt stop either so there were parties now at the hotel when my parents were gone and now my one friend that i had couldnt come to my place anymore because her mom was aware of my parents being gone often and the parties my sister would have so i didnt have my friends to hang out with most of the time. Also i would not attend school more often than i was attending and my priorities at that point of my life was my boyfriend and having fun. 
